Helm: open port 80 on enterprise gateway (#2860)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Upgrade nginx image tag to `nginxinc/nginx-unprivileged:1.22-alpine`. #2742
* [ENHANCEMENT] Upgrade minio subchart to `4.0.12`. #2759
* [BUGFIX] Do not use undocumented `mulf` function in templates. #2752

> * [BUGFIX] Open port 80 for the Enterprise `gateway` so that the read and write address reported by NOTEX.txt is correct. Also deprecate the current default of 8080. #2860

Author: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Open port 80 for the Enterprise `gateway` service so that the read and write address reported by NOTES.txt is correct. Also deprecate the current default of 8080. #2860
```
